com.example.smart_fridge_android.AddFoodActivity
com.example.smart_fridge_android.AddFoodActivity: AddFoodActivity()
com.example.smart_fridge_android.AddFoodActivity: void onButtonClick(android.view.View)
com.example.smart_fridge_android.AddRecipeActivity
com.example.smart_fridge_android.AddRecipeActivity: AddRecipeActivity()
com.example.smart_fridge_android.AddRecipeActivity: void onButtonClick(android.view.View)
com.example.smart_fridge_android.AdvancedSearchRecipeActivity
com.example.smart_fridge_android.AdvancedSearchRecipeActivity: AdvancedSearchRecipeActivity()
com.example.smart_fridge_android.AdvancedSearchRecipeActivity: void onButtonClick(android.view.View)
com.example.smart_fridge_android.IMadeThisActivity
com.example.smart_fridge_android.IMadeThisActivity: IMadeThisActivity()
com.example.smart_fridge_android.IMadeThisActivity: void onButtonClick(android.view.View)
com.example.smart_fridge_android.IndividualFoodActivity
com.example.smart_fridge_android.IndividualFoodActivity: IndividualFoodActivity()
com.example.smart_fridge_android.IndividualFoodActivity: void onButtonClick(android.view.View)
com.example.smart_fridge_android.IndividualRecipeActivity
com.example.smart_fridge_android.IndividualRecipeActivity: IndividualRecipeActivity()
com.example.smart_fridge_android.IndividualRecipeActivity: void onButtonClick(android.view.View)
com.example.smart_fridge_android.LoginActivity
com.example.smart_fridge_android.LoginActivity: LoginActivity()
com.example.smart_fridge_android.LoginActivity: void onButtonClick(android.view.View)
com.example.smart_fridge_android.MainActivity
com.example.smart_fridge_android.MainActivity: MainActivity()
com.example.smart_fridge_android.MainActivity: void onButtonClick(android.view.View)
com.example.smart_fridge_android.NavigationBar: void onButtonClick(android.view.View,android.content.Context)
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$array: int units_array
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$drawable: int fridge_icon
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int DeleteButton
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int ExpDate
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int FoodName
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int FoodQuantity
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int IMadeThisButton
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int IMadeThisDoneButton
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int IMadeThisQuantity
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int IMadethisRecipeName
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int IndRecipeDeleteButton
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int IndRecipeIngredients
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int IndRecipeIngredientsField
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int IndRecipeInstructions
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int IndRecipeInstructionsField
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int IndRecipeName
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int IndRecipeNameField
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int IndRecipeTitle
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int IngredientField
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int InstructionsField
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int QuantityLabel
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int RecipeNameField
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int UpdateButton
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int addBtn
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int addMan
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int addimgR
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int addingred
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int addrec
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int btnAddIngredients
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int btnAdvancedRecipeSearch
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int btnCalorieCount
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int btnChangePassword
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int btnLinkToRegisterScreen
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int btnLogin
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int btnRegister
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int btnSearchRecipes
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int changePassword
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int checkBoxNotifications
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int dateSelector
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int editText
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int editText1
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int editText2
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int editText3
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int editTextCategory
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int editTextRecipeName
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int editTextUseIngredients
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int foodExpirationDate
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int foodItemNavBar
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int foodName
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int food_id
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int foodgroupField
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int imageBtn
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int imageView1
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int imgView
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int imgViewRecipe
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int include
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int include1
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int individualFoodItemExpirationDate
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int individualFoodItemName
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int individualFoodItemNutritionalInfo
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int individualFoodItemQuantity
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int ingredientName
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int loginEmail
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int loginPassword
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int login_error
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int logoutBtn
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int mImageView
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int manualBtn
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int nameField
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int nutritionalInformationText
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int quantityField
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int radioButtonImperial
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int radioButtonMetric
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int recipeImageView
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int recipeResultsScrollView
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int recipe_id
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int recipe_id2
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int recipe_name
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int registerConfirmPassword
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int registerEmail
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int registerName
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int registerPassword
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int register_error
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int scanBtn
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int scrollView1
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int scrollView2
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int showlist
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int tabFood
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int tabRecipes
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int tabSettings
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int textView
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int textView1
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int textView2
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int textView3
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int textView4
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int textView6
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int textViewAdvancedRecipeSearch
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int textViewCalorieCount
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int textViewCategory
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int textViewIngredientsResult
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int textViewIngredientsResultList
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int textViewInstructionsResult
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int textViewInstructionsUrlResultList
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int textViewRecipeName
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int textViewRecipeResultName
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int textViewRecipeSearchCaloriesResult
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int textViewRecipeSearchCarloriesResultList
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int textViewRecipeSearchResults
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int textViewUseIngredients
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$id: int update_button
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$layout: int add_food
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$layout: int add_food_manual
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$layout: int add_recipe
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$layout: int advanced_recipe_search
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$layout: int change_password
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$layout: int food_list_item
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$layout: int i_made_this
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$layout: int i_made_this_list_item
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$layout: int individual_food_item
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$layout: int individual_recipe_item
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$layout: int login
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$layout: int main
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$layout: int main_nav_bar
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$layout: int recipe_list_item
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$layout: int recipe_result
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$layout: int recipe_search_results
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$layout: int register
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$layout: int settings
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$string: int AddFood
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$string: int AddFoodName
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$string: int ExpirationDate
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$string: int IndRecipeInstructions
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$string: int Quantity
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$string: int Recipe
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$string: int RecipeName
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$string: int action_settings
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$string: int add
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$string: int add_food_barcode
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$string: int add_food_manual
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$string: int add_food_title
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$string: int add_recipe
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$string: int add_recipe_ingredients
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$string: int add_recipe_instructions
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$string: int add_recipe_name
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$string: int app_name
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$string: int confirm_password
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$string: int create_account
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$string: int email
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$string: int food
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$string: int foodGroup
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$string: int full_name
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$string: int hello_world
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$string: int individual_item_expiration_date
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$string: int individual_item_name
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$string: int individual_item_nutritional_information
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$string: int individual_item_quantity
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$string: int login
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$string: int login_title
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$string: int logout
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$string: int my_fridge
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$string: int name
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$string: int password
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$string: int recipes
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$string: int register
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$string: int register_title
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$string: int settings
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$string: int title_activity_individual_recipe
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$string: int units
com.example.smart_fridge_android.R$string: int units_prompt
com.example.smart_fridge_android.RecipeSearchResultActivity
com.example.smart_fridge_android.RecipeSearchResultActivity: RecipeSearchResultActivity()
com.example.smart_fridge_android.RegisterActivity
com.example.smart_fridge_android.RegisterActivity: RegisterActivity()
com.example.smart_fridge_android.RegisterActivity: void onButtonClick(android.view.View)
